first impression was very nice it has
did not think that the terrain like that
spacious and so big is
in the meantime one finds oneself also very much
Good and good here and everything was great
The bus ride here was very long one
hour we had to drive here but
We came for breakfast and there was
what to eat and what to eat
We relax immediately
The breakfast is very rich
a lot of different things go on
Selection There are different yogurts
there are muesli there are
different types of bread and rolls
cold cuts there are even many
various Greek cheeses what
I think something nice is typical of the country
So it really is for every taste
something here
to 23
The room has a beautiful
outlook we can go straight to the sea
Views also have good possibilities
into the interior of the country to look and
The cleanliness of the room was great too
mainz always very nice it is very big
it's all there you need
a small fridge is it clean yes
just as I expected
Of course, that's not beautiful
sandy beach as you are used to it
but it's about two to three
three hundred meters so 1 23 minutes times
easy because the beaches are a bit smaller
But that makes everything very nice
winding bays very romantic
Maybe you could call it that
the thing off